---
 layout: post
 title: "Jumanji (2017)"
 date:  2018-01-07
 categories: review
 review: "7"
 poster: "jumanji-2017.jpg"
 permalink: /:title
---


It's a comfy family action movie whose story is simple, straightforward, and uncomplicated. There are genuinely funny moments and at no point did I feel like the movie was dragging along. The character arcs wrap up super cleanly and conveniently in an almost irritating way, but the centerpiece of this film is 100% meant to be Rock, Black, Gillian, and Hart acting like they are awkward children with growing pains trapped inside game-character bodies. It's a fun action comedy. Prime family movie night material. 6/10 paint by numbers story bumped up to a 7 by virtue of great acting work.

I think the realest real moment in Jumanji (one of precious few) is a gaming self-insert moment near the end of the movie where the hero is about to finish the game and is conflicted between returning to his real life as a weak, awkward, breakable person and staying behind to remain as his godlike super-powered Dwayne The Rock Johnson virtual self for even so much as a moment longer. There's a point, sometimes, near the end of an escapism adventure where you feel like you want to make sure you've done absolutely everything before playing that final cutscene and seeing the credits roll, because you, your life, and the problems you were trying to numb with imagination are still very much alive and waiting for you in the real world on the other side of that credits marquee. You look for any reason to stave off victory with more adventure. By all means, his character should be more excited than anything to get back to his new conveniently designated irl nerd girlfriend, and yet they give him this moment of hesitation that almost has no business being in a movie this simplified at all.