---
 layout: post
 title: "Tomb Raider (2018)"
 date:  2018-03-15
 categories: review
 rating: "7"
 light: "green"
 poster: "tomb-raider.jpg"
 permalink: /:title
---


The newest Tomb Raider, presumably a rebooted anchor point for a future franchise, was an enjoyable watch. Its plot is straightforward, its pacing, consistent, and its atmosphere, sufficiently adventurous. I found that a great deal of why I enjoyed this movie was because of how capably its lead actress managed to carry a somewhat reimagined (closer to the the most recent series of games, but not a word-for-word adaptation) interpretation of a legendary character. Vikander is charming and charismatic in the role, which makes for a great Lara Croft. CGI and special effects were for the most part well done, but there are instances (the rusted plane) where the stuntwork seemed off in a way that I found to be distracting enough: Lara seems to fly forward when jumping in a very wire-fu style that makes it seem like she’s not believably jumping across a crevasse. This aside, I walked out of Tomb Raider having enjoyed myself, but knowing that I probably wouldn’t want to watch it again. The movie itself is fairly good: the characters are well acted, the action is immersive, the adventure’s plot is interesting and easy to follow with some twists and turns along the way, but overall I felt little to no residual impact, and my interest in the movie ended after the credits rolled. Maybe it’s because the movie failed to get me invested, or maybe I was just disappointed at the lack of polygonal tigers. Who knows?
